Dream with me for a moment.
Imagine what would it look like for a church to boldly embrace the mission ahead of us.
Imagine what it would look like if hundreds of people
Prayed more boldly, invited more boldly.
And dreamed more boldly than ever before.
Imagine the impact that would have on our community and on our families.
During our own lifetime,
The communities around us have become a mission field.
88% of people in Clarksville, Fort Campbell, and Montgomery County
Well, choose not to go to church.
anywhere this weekend.
Consider this, that's $125,000.
274 people.
We're going to the side.
I don't want to go to church because they believe that either God is not real or the church is irrelevant to their life.
What if we at OneTruth.tv not only to have the opportunity of reaching the 125,000,
But thousands and thousands more that will come into our communities because of Fort Campbell Army Post.
We've seen this over the past seven years that we've been in existence.
We have soldiers come in.
Because somebody invited them to winterx.tv
And there they've realized that God loves them and they begin a relationship through Jesus Christ.
and then they're deployed all over the world to Iraq or Afghanistan or so many other places. And they take Jesus with them where they have Bible studies and tune in online.
live.
And then from there, when the families leave and go to the next army post,
They take Jesus with them.
We are incredibly grateful that God seems to have given us the opportunity of reaching people who are far from God.
I love this that over the past seven years,
The majority of the people that have showed up here at one church.
have had no prior church attendance or history.
I love that because we want to create a church where unchurched people love to attend.
When we started one church back in 2007.
we realized that Clarksville really didn't need another church.
There are a lot of churches out there where people, the 88%, are not connecting with God.
But what we wanted to create is an environment where people who don't go to church, the unchurched can show up and actually understand and apply what God has done.
God has for them out of God's Word.
We say that we want to be a church for the unchurched, people who have never been to church.
And also be a church for the detached people who have been to church and decided not to come back for whatever reason
Jesus told this story in Luke 15 about a good shepherd.
And in this story, the good shepherd had 100 sheep.
The good shepherd left the 99 sheep that stayed with him to go out and reach the one sheep that had ran away.
But get this.
In our context and our environment here at Clarksville,
We leave the 12 found to go after the 88 who do not have a relationship with Jesus Christ.
That figure is astounding.
Almost 9 out of 10 people
Choose not to go to church in any given Sunday.
125,000.
274 people.
So back in 2007.
The church where I grew up
He launched us and 35 other people.
To go out and to create a church for people who don't go to church.
And they showed up in droves.
So many people have connected to God.
through OneChurch.tv over the past seven years.
Let me give you some statistics.
Over the past seven years,
We've seen 7,200 people walk through the doors of OneTritch.tv.
We've seen over 900 people give their lives to Jesus Christ and we've seen over 400 people
Follow Jesus through baptism.
That's amazing
Look what God has done.
Through the faithfulness of just 35 feet.
We started at the movie theater in exit one.
And we quickly outgrew the movie theater.
We moved to Northeast High School a year later where we continue to grow and we believe that everybody is welcome, no one is perfect, and anything is possible.
Every week, church people and unchurched people tune into our podcast.
The One Church Smartphone app has been launched over 4,000 times.
over people's iPhones and tablets.
And every Sunday, hundreds of people tune in to our live church online campus, where people worship,
Listen to the teaching, chat, and
Give online and interact from literally all over the world.
We are reaching soldiers who are deployed in the Middle East.
people who are tuning in and listening in from close Muslim countries all throughout Europe and Asia and literally all over North America.
While we still have a lot to learn.
Very few churches out there
Have the opportunity that God has given us to make a bold impact if all of us together
Take that next step
If we don't make our bold move,
We're not only shrinking from a responsibility,
I believe we're shrinking from a God-given opportunity.
There are two bold moves that we're going to have to take as a church if we're going to maximize the opportunity that God has placed before us.
The first bold move is to secure a permanent facility.
Back in October of 2014,
God gave us the amazing opportunity of purchasing five acres right at the entrance ramp of I-24 at Exapoint.
We couldn't be more Excellent One Church if we wanted to.
These five acres we purchased for the price of what the average acre is going for all around exit one.
Our church has been portable for the past seven years.
And though I believe doing church in a portable setting will always be a part of our DNA.
Securing a permanent facility and having a centralized location will give us many benefits.
Third, by having a permanent facility, we're sending our community a message. And the message is simply this.
One church is here to stay.
But having this stronger footprint, it gives us more opportunities to reach a fluid, ever-changing culture at the Exit 1 area.
We want to create a place for generations where they can call home.
Fourth.
But having this facility
It gives us a way that we can better serve our community.
We're going to have environments in this building where preschool moms can bring their kids and while the kids play in the tubes, moms can sit across from one another and direct a couple of
Pick up a coffee and really build in and encourage one another. Thank you.
We're going to have places where people can be able to bring in their computers, plug in, and just be able to work all throughout the week. And by partnering with ArtLink, we are going to have some fun.
Ask some things after school activities where they can come and paint and do crafts and do music.
While skateboarders come and hang out on the property because we're not gonna tell them to leave we want to say come on because church is for everyone
Finally, this facility will serve as a resource platform for other campuses.
It's kind of like a fob, a Ford operating base.
You see, what a Ford operating base is, is right on the front lines and it is used to launch other initiatives. And we are going to use this permit facility for
2023 for us to launch other campuses. And that leads me to our second bold point.
And it's simply this. We want to launch other churches together.
Our goal has been from the very beginning, before we even had the name One Church, to create a church that launched other churches. So what's a part of our DNA?
DNA isn't just about building bigger buildings. We're not here to become a mega church. We want to create churches where people who are far from God can come
can come and hear that Jesus loves them, that God is not mad at them. So our goal, our five-year goal, is we are going to start another one church here
here in Clarksville with its own communicator, with its own worship team, and with its own children's mastery. And in 10 years, our goal is to figure out where the majority of
of our military personnel are heading towards and start a one church across state lines.
God has done some amazing things over the past seven years at one church.
And it's because of God's faithfulness, yes, but it's also because 35 people were willing to get outside of their comfort zones and to create a church for people who don't go to church.
Don't go to church.
Will you be the next person?
Who launches the next campus?
7,200 people will walk through the doors because of your sacrifice.
What we have right now
Is potential.
I want you to imagine
that hundreds if not thousands of people are connected to God through Jesus Christ because you and I have made our boldest move yet.
Fast forward 10 years
What does that look like?
Families have been mended. Lives have been changed. Marriages that were torn apart because of bad relationships and bad decisions have now been
I've now been mended.
Kids who have grown up all throughout one church through their entire life
They have walked into the student ministry with a relationship, an intimate relationship with a Heavenly Father who loves them.
Students who have walked through six, seven years of student ministry have actually went on to college and they have taken a faith with them.
I think Jesus wants to have a relationship with them and they are influencing, again, many, many other people.
Imagine what that would look like if you and I
chose to say, "This is it."
This is our boldest move yet.
God is ready and he is willing to use you and I
If you and I are just willing to be bold.
What is bold going to require?
Well, we're going to challenge you to do four things more boldly than you've ever done them before.
First,
If we're going to ask that you pray more boldly than you've ever prayed before.
In fact, starting Wednesday, April the 1st, our entire church
Whether you've been a Christian all of your life, or maybe this is even your first Sunday.
We're going to challenge you to go through a spiritual journey with us.
We're going to be giving out 429 bracelets based upon Acts 429. And we're going to ask you that every afternoon that you stop what you're doing at 429.
at 429 p.m. and pray.
Pray more boldly than you ever had before. Why? Because bold prayers are not our guide.
God honors bold prayers.
So I want to encourage you.
Over the next five weeks as we go through bowl
Do not miss a Sunday.
I'm asking you to commit, to come, and to walk through this spiritual discipleship journey with us.
Secondly, we're going to ask you to invite more boldly than you ever invited before.
One of the things that we talk about at One church is we want to invest and invite through people and people who are far from god. So some of you, there are some people right now that
How that you're thinking as you're listening to this. And I need to invite them to church. So I'm going to challenge you.
We promise you we're going to create environments where they as they walk in their mouths are going to drop and they're going to go wow this is church so i'm going to challenge you
you to invite more boldly than you've ever invited before.
Third, we're going to ask every one of us to give more boldly than you've ever given before.
In order to realize this vision,
is going to require a level of sacrifice that for most of us we've never quite realized. So over the next few months,
We're going to ask you to ask God to
to figure out what should I give what does sacrifice look like
For me.
And lastly,
We're going to challenge some of you to be a part of our launch team that will launch the next OneChurch.tv.
Who will be the next student minister, the next communicator, the next worship leader? Is that going to be you? Who's going to be the next greeter, the next person who holds that baby?
who is going to open up the door for God to be able to work in a child and a parent's life and to let them know that God loves them.
So I'm going to ask you these four things.
to pray more boldly.
To invite more boldly.
to give more boldly.
and then to launch into new ministries more boldly than you and I have ever done before.